Function statement - basic function keyword plus function name, also known as function declaration. We cant imedialely call function declaration like IIFEs.
Function expression - assigning function to a variable. Here function acts like a value.
Anonymous function - function without a name. Just creation anonymous function will throw a Syntax Error.
Named function expression - same as function expression, but with assigned name. It can't be called by name.
First class functions - the ability to use functions as values is known as FCF. Assign them to variables, pass to another function, return from function.
Callback function - a function which passed into another function as an argument, which is then invoked inside.
Higher order functions - a function which take another function as an argument or returns a function from it.
Constructor function - a function which used in JS to create an object. Arrow function can't be Constructor functions as they dont have this keyword. 
IIFEs - imedialely invokable function expression - a function that will be imedialely called. IIFEs known as function expression.
IIFEs used to avoit global variables issues, as they are ruanning imedialely and haveig thei onw FEC or scope.
Map - used to transorme an existing array by given function and return new array.
Filter - used to filter inside the given array and return new array.
Reduce - used to take all the elements and come of the single value of them, with the logic inside the CB function.

Main difference between function statement and function expression is hoisting.
Event listeners callback functions variables are not garbage collectored. So removing event listeners is a good practice.
We passing argumets to functions, and functions accept that argumets through parameters.
Calling Cunstructor Functions with keyword new , makes them to cretae a new object inside the function and retun that at the end.
A polyfill is a piece of code (usually JavaScript on the Web) used to provide modern functionality on older browsers that do not natively support it.

function alo () {
    log('alo')
}
alo() === alo.call()