During the creation phase of the execution context, we set any variable declaration a default value of undefined and place any function declaration in memory. 
This term in JS is called Hoisting.  
So hoisting is a process of allocating memory for variables and functions,
assigning a variable declaration a default value of undefined and place all functions in memory during the creation phase (variable envierement). 
Function assignment is not a part of hoisting like function declaration. 
With calling function assignment before assignment we will get 'Type Error', as we are calling 'undefined ()', 
With calling not decleared variable we will get ‘ReferenceError’ 
Variable assignement without declaration creates that variable in global scope.
Hoisting - variable declaration and function declaration are processed before any code is executed.
So declearing function or variable anywhere in the code is equal to declear them at the top, for current scope.

Let and Const are not hoisted like Var, and will not print out value of undefined or Type Error
For variable with 'var' declaration the memory is allocated for that variable and attached to Global object.
But in case of 'let' and 'const' memory allocation is happening the same way (so they are hoisted),
but they are spaced in a different memeory space then Global - Script (wasn't attached to Global object),
and they can't be accessed before initialization (assiging value to them).
So 'Temporal dead zone' is a time between 'let' variable is hoisted/decleared and initialized.
Simpally all the code before 'let' initialization.
Calling Let variable before in Temporal dead zone will throw ReferenceError of initialization, 
but they still have value of undefined in a different memory scope then Global.
Let and Const are not present in Global object (for browser in window object). 

Dublicate declaration of 'Let' in the same scope is a SyntaxError, even if second declaration is with 'Var', which is compelitely stop ruanning a code, even a single row.
Const can't be just decleared without initialization, it will again throw SyntaxError, it should have value attched.
Reassiging const vale will throw TypeError.

PS. this function wont be hoisted , as line is not startinf with function or var keyword
(function test() {
    log(123)
})

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNC6slYCj50